Although in Flanders , the Flemish Region assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa .
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .
Regulations meant that the original sixth lap would be deleted and the race would be restarted from the beginning of said lap .
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .
Separate berthings and heads are found on sailboats over about .
Test & official start of the TVN24 HD started on 30 November 2012 .
Autostereoscopy is any method of displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear or glasses on the part of the viewer .
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .
All officers are additionally equipped with less-lethal weapons for use against threats that do not justify a firearms response .
These include any Assistant to the President , Deputy Assistant to the President , and Special Assistant to the President .
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .
After the British capture of Madrid , Hill had responsibility for an army of 30,000 men .
US 258 and NC 122 parallel the river north before the two routes diverge northeast of Tarboro .
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .
Several years later the remaining trackage at Charles City was abandoned .
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .
They are also known in Japan as `` Northern Territories '' .
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .
This `` 1-in-200 year event '' flooded major intersections and underpasses and damaged both residential and commercial properties .
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .
The fractional quantum Hall effect continues to be influential in theories about topological order .
A British version of this show was developed , known as `` Gladiators : Train 2 Win '' .
Plant communities include creosote and sagebrush at lower altitudes , and bristlecone pine forests at higher .
Instead of having system calls specifically for process management , Plan 9 provides the codice_13 file system .
X is revealed to be the leader of Neo Arcadia and Zero confronts X in battle .
Blackburne 's statement that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment '' , is an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General .
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .
He and his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .
In England , emphasis was placed on the orientation of the chapels to the east .
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .
This releases some of the water molecules into the bulk of the water , leading to an increase in entropy .
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .
The Original Celtics were a barnstorming professional basketball team in the 1920s .
His body was laid to rest at St. Gwynno Church in the Llanwynno forestry .
Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .
The Aura spacecraft has a mass of about 1,765 kg .
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .
It finally closed to all traffic in July 1985 , when it was deemed too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep Latchford viaduct operational .
It 's recommended to have only two males and a dozen or so females .
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .
Courtelary is first mentioned in 968 as `` Curtis Alerici '' in a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey .
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .
The origin of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart is closely connected with the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M .
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .
During the language shift , however , the receding language A still influences language B .
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .
It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .
They remained together into their elderly ages for more than 40 years only to marry in 2000 .
It includes thirty-two elementary schools , nine middle schools , ten high schools and one charter school .
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .
Millais painted daily into the winter putting lamps under the tub to warm the water .
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .
During the latter , Springsteen mentioned he did plan to work with the E Street Band again in the future , but was vague about details .
Thus , any event that would minimize such a surface is entropically favored .
The exhibit premiered at the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin and combined the work of all three with personal snapshots , contact sheets , and letters from their time with Helmut .
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .
On April 13 , 1987 , the Iowa Terminal Railroad was sold to Dave Johnson and renamed to Iowa Traction Railroad .
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .
The neighborhood comprises an older industrial and residential harbor front area along the Kill Van Kull west of St. George .
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .
During the 1730s Britain 's relationship with Spain had slowly declined .
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .
DePauw University awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in 1892 .
This finding indicated that organic compounds could carry current .
On 19 October 2010 , Tuqiri was officially named in the Australian squad for the Four Nations as a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne .
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .
Frowin founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception , which was erected into an abbey in 1881 .
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .
Ballast tanks are equipped to change a ship 's trim and modify its stability .
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .
Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .
This often results in unexpected deaths , either directly or from stress-induced illness .
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .
In 1845 , he was chosen Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench .
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .
11 million copies of the flyer were distributed to the public via an 85-newspaper distribution chain .
McLay also suggests that the songs negate what many consider to be a `` heretical '' ending for a comedy .
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .
The Cathedral and the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .
Later , it carried `` Monitor , '' the network 's very successful weekend radio service .
Human behavioral ecologists assume that what might be the most adaptive strategy in one environment might not be the most adaptive strategy in another environment .
However , Jesus is not accepted as the son by Muslims , who strictly maintain that he was a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous .
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .
It was only incidentally that economic issues appeared in nationalist political forms .
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .
This is usually caused by interacting inductive and capacitive elements in the oscillator .
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .
A better alternative in order to find the best possible results would be to use the Smith-Waterman algorithm .
High Court judges are therefore referred to as the Honourable Mr/Mrs Justice Smith .
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .
Alexander supposedly said after this incident that he had never been so lucky in his entire career .
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .
Passenger services on the line were terminated on 31 December 1954 .
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .
The number of ones equals the number of zeros plus one , since the state containing only zeros can not occur .
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .
23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .
Just above seen is a replica of a Shiva lingam .
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .
However , the term cob , defined as a short-legged , stout horse , is a body type rather than a breed .
The car was based around a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission .
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .
He stayed for less than a year before being appointed Chief Constable of Kent in July 1946 .
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .
Unsure of who he is , Zero helps the band of Reploids , who in turn marvel at his skills .
The mouse is around nine inches long , and can jump in bounds of four feet when threatened .
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .
Fishing boats and cargo ships typically have one or more cargo holds .
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .
They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .
It was united with the Clitheroe Rural District , as part of the Ribble Valley district in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire .
Passengers for or should change at Twyford during off peak .
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .
Walcott was brought on one knee in the third round and the fight ended with hardly a scratch on Langford .
He toured extensively throughout the world , and earned the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' .
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .
The University of Florida however , refused to recognize BYX .
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .
The Israeli controlled sector was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War of June 1967 .
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .
In 2004 it was expected that redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist .
Ely Cathedral was never vaulted and retains a wooden ceiling over the nave .
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .
The narrator does not end up being sexually assaulted ; instead , she has grabbed her suitcase and fled the compartment .
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .
A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .
He was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in the 1957 New Year Honours .
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .
On 1 July 1955 he was made an Officer of the Order of St John .
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .
After the Battle of Culloden in 1746 , these rebellions were crushed .
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .
This currently sees the club ranked sixth in terms of premierships won .
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .
Back at the hotel , Taylor went ahead of Lemmy and told him `` Eddie 's left the band '' .
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .
Australian Amber Wing was the first woman to land a ts fs wake to wake 900 .
After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .
She resigns after the events of `` The Last Precinct '' and relocates to Florida to become a private forensic consultant .
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .
The department came under grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka in 1992 .
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .
Hence it can be represented by the integer notation .
He accused Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom , and accused Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans .
Latchford viaduct was opened on 8 July 1893 to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal .
Like most incarnations , Felicia has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir .
The use of high ranking , anonymous sources has caused numerous scandals for the Bush Administration , most notably the Plame Affair .
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .
In 1862 , Henry Letheby obtained a partly conductive material by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid .
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .
Hoechst 33342 exhibits a 10 fold greater cell-permeability than H 33258 .
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .
The very ease of acquiring Esperanto might even accelerate the process .
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .
There are 109 individuals who belong to another church , and 20 individuals did not answer the question .
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .
These tracks have subsequently been included on CD reissues of the album `` The Plan '' .
By the end of this experiment several results were found .
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .
Which Kevin Costner movie included an actor who also starred in "Little Big League" ?
Which restaurant chain is based further south, Pizza Fusion or Imo's Pizza ?
Davey Brozowski is a percussionist for a band that formed in what city in Washington ?
What year was the American healthy lifestyle magazine, in which Georgia Rickard contributed, started ?
Bobby Bowden coached which former Toronto Blue Jays minor league baseball player ?
The 1990–91 UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball team coached by Jerry Tarkanian lost in the semifinals of the 1991 NCAA tournament to which team ?
What was the career that Sidney Lumet and Albert Ward share in common ?
Which of the bands, Hot Snakes or UB40, has more band members ?
Wagner Moura received what nomination for playing the lead role of "The King of Cocaine" ? 
which league is the 121th season of top-tier competitive football in Switzerland which Ulrich Forte coach FC Zürich in the league 
The creator of "Wallace and Gromit" also created what animation comedy that matched animated zoo animals with a soundtrack of people talking about their homes ? 
Which American music star appeared as a guest in a Will & Grace episode called "Back Up, Dancer" ?
Somebody’s Daughter’s star Max Gail was most widely known for his role in what other television series ?
Kam Heskin plays Paige Morgan in a 2004 film directed by who ?
Are both Coldplay and Pierre Bouvier from the same country ?
At which arena does the team, for which Adam McKenzi is currently a member, play their home games ?
Which of the writers of "The Telltale Head"  was born on February 15, 1954 ?
What's the name of the differential equation that was developed by the German physicist who was the doctoral advisor to another German Physicist who identified the Stark effect ?
What kind of ideology is Torment's drummer involved with ?
Jolyon James performed the role of Moonshadow in a musical by a composer of what nationality ?
Do the operas Vanessa and Le roi malgré lui contain that same number of acts ?
New Hampshire Route 124 runs between two regions, one of which is found in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States with the population of about 2000 and is named what ?
Which singer of the Bee Gees sung a middle part of a song in which the majority was sung by Barry Gibb ?
What color was the dog that Socks had conflicts with ?
Between Parsifal and Saul og David which opera has more acts ?
Where is the airline company that operated United Express Flight 3411 on April 9, 2017 on behalf of United Express headquartered ?
Which university has more schools, Ateneo de Davao University or University of Rochester ?
Alex Jesaulenko, former Australian rules footballer and coach won the award The Goal of the Year. In what year did he win that award ?
Which movie was released first, 'Mean Girls' or the remake of 'April Fool's Day' ?
What was Randy Shughart's rank when he died ?
When was the album released that The Red Tour supported ?
Mooreville, Mississippi is located on which Interstate highway that follows US Route 78 ?
Tao Okamoto made her debut as the lead in the 2013 film featuring the character from what Comic company's line ?
 Force India VJM10 is a Formula One racing car previous driven by Nico Hülkenberg, and is now driven by which driver born 17 September 1996 ?
Which head coach has led their team for a longer period of time, Tim Cluess or Steve Prohm ?
What type of group does Pablo Carballo and Argentine Air Force have in common ?
When does the universe, Earth, and all life on Earth were created as believed by an organization which commissioned The Voyage That Shook The World ?
What city is the most populous city in Australia and Oceania and the birthplace of a silver and bronze medalist from the 1992 Barcelona Paralympics ?
What is the name of one the Italian Navy's new warship ?
Which band, Matthew Good Band or Switchfoot is still together ?
 Jordan's Furniture is a furniture retailer with a location in an enclosed shopping mall on the north side of Interstate 295 near what ?
Who was born first, Jaap Speyer or Bruce Conner ?
The Worst Journey in the World is a memoir written by which English explorer of Antarctica ?
For which film did the Director team with NASA scientists, Aliens of the Deep or Poetry in Motion ?
What Cason, CA soccer team features the son of Roy Lassiter ?
Which is located in Cornwall, Southwell Minster or Truro Cathedral ?
In what Italian region was the House of Grimaldi ?
Where is the investment firm that acquired TI Automotive in 2015 headquartered ?
How many people were in the group which preceded the release of Eric Clapton's 1975 album E.C. Was Here ? 
John Valliant’s work has appeared in which outdoor-focused magazine whose first issue was published in September 1977 ?
Which of the writers of "The Telltale Head"  was born on February 15, 1954 ?
The founder of the Ali Akbar College of Music was known for his virtuosity in what musical instrument ?
In the British experimental jazz band Polar Bear, who handles digital devices ?
What is one of the most successful retro-clones that is no longer supported by Wizards of the Coast ?
The non-fiction book "Finding Chandra" is about an affair between the victim and a congressman that holds a B.B.A from what school ?
Which musician's band contains more letters in it's name, Micky Dolenz or Jesse James Dupree ?
Which of these is a genus of flowering plants, Anemopaegma or Semele ?
Piano Concerto No. 6 in D major, Hess 15 is an unfinished piano concerto by a composer who passed away in which year  ?
At what height does State Route 160 start ?
Who graduated from The SC Bastia Reserves and Academy  and was born 9 September 1987 ?
Which 1949 British black comedy film does the Skindles hotel appear on ? 
Which close friend of an American former basketball player was signed for to play for the Timberwolves ?
The song "Medicine" by The 1975 appears in a film directed by what Danish filmmaker ?
The film Navakoti Narayana was based on the life of Purandara Dasa who was born in what year ?
Which satellite was operational for longer, International Ultraviolet Explorer or EXOSAT ?
In the epic of Gilgamesh, where did the wise female divinity associated with fermentation live ?
What magazine was started in 1925 and features the work of Barry Werth ?
Who directed the animated series which featured an American comedy writer as the voice of Lucy ?
Which terrorist group was the cause of the battle in which Mark E. Michell won an award for his actions ?
The magazine that nominated George Rainsford for their Best Actor award in 2017 comes out every week on what day of the week ?
 where is the American professional basketball team which Jalen Jones played for based
Which writer of French descent actually lived in France, Maurice Level or John Dufresne ?
Finity's End was written by which American writer ?
What is the name of the former MGM Grand Garden Special Events Center where the Mayweather-Ortiz fight took place ?
How far from Buenos Aires is the birthplace of Ezequiel Lazaro ? 
Both the Pulandian District and Hailar District are located within which country ?
What 4 divisions make up the company of the wealthiest person in Georgia ?
Both Tsai Ming-liang and Giacomo Gentilomo were involved with which profession ?
When was the first stud book created for the breed of horse that came from Rotrou introducing Arabian horses to Perche ?
In which year was the coach of the 1917 Pittsburgh Panthers football team inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame ?
When was Aimee Carrero's depiction of Angie first aired ?
Who wrote lyrics for both "Little Shop of Horrors" and the song "Be Our Guest ?" 
Are TEC-1 and Dubna 48K are based on the same processor ?
William Sidney Sid Hatfield was the Police Chief of Matewan, West Virginia during a shootout between local coal miners and the Baldwin-Felts Detective Agency that is referred to as what ?
Which rugby league team which Rory Kostjasyn played for is based in Melbourne, Victoria ?
Did the the Battle of Stones River occur before the Battle of Saipan ?
What cast member of Flashbacks of a Fool was educated at Bryanston School in Blandford, Dorset ?
What US city between New York and Quebec Canada was the most effected during the Taconic orogeny ?
What profession does John Landis and Gore Verbinski have in common ?
Which swiss watch company was forced to merge by the swiss banks in 1983 ?
Which band was formed first Killing Joke or Acceptance  ?
Which Sudanese-born Australian professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks exemplifies that players do not have to play at least a year in college basketball before being drafted into the NBA ?
What are both Eleutherococcus and Amaryllis ?
How much longer after Sambou Yatabaré was born did Werder Bremen get founded in the northwest German federal state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen ?
Were the board games, Clans and Drunter und Drüber, both created by Leo Colovini ?
Castle Hill is a plantation near what primary residence of Thomas Jefferson ?
Me and You and Everyone We Know was directed by an artist who also directed what 2011 film ?
Who made a hip-hop album with guest appearances from Justice, Lotek and Necro and also wrote semi-autobiographical crime books ?
The owner of radio station KWPW has the same name as an American character actor. What is it ?
Scott Workman was an American stuntman and actor credited with a successful show on what smaller TV Network ?
Global internet was help funded by what foundation ?
When did the Court of Justice rule that the Commission could only propose that there must be some criminal sanctions ?
What success did Abercrombie gain out of the defeat at Carillon ?
The constituent objects only decelerate with respect to what ?
What occurs when antibodies will not bind to the patient's cells ?
When did the colonization of India not occur ?
Which is older the British Empire or the Ethiopian Empire ?
What monarchy did western troops protect ?
Complement proteins bind to what kind of molecules on the surface of microbes in order to elicit an immune response ?
Why do animals use O2 for biological respiration ?
Who is responsible for monitoring climate data ?
The inside of a ctenophore is lined with what ?
What do those in political office refuse to sign when involved in civil disobedience ?
How long is one term for an elected president of the CJEU ?
The Rhine forms an inland delta into which lake ?
About what year was the atmospheric engine invented ?
What happened to the rate of flow in the Rhine during the Rhine straightening program ?
What, along with a desire for more steam pressure, were early drivers looking to generate when they fastened engines down ?
Why is oxygen often transported in cryogenics ?
What reconstructions supported the 1999 paper's information ?
Who restored the Bungalows ?
Although not a fuel  ___ is the chemical compound the generates the most occurrence of explosions.
What is the second busiest airport in the United States ?
Besides Nova Scotia what was another British colony in North America ?
What university was John of London an alum of ?
What was Tugh Temur not known for ?
Other member do not normally contribute to what ?
What is usual form of oxygen bound compounds ?
How many species of bird and mammals are there in the Amazon region ?
What did the Normans take part in in the 10th century ?
What was passed in 1805 ?
Which pharmacists never seek additional education following pharmacy school ?
What is not regarded as an integral part of the general principles of EU law ?
Who was Ogedei's wife ?
Where according to gross state product does Victoria rank in Australia ?
Where was the location of the 2003 Rose revolution ?
What is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n ?
How small was the audience BSkyB said they couldn't reach ?
In what country was a full-scale working railway steam centre first invented ?
Outside of Northern San Diego, which other region contains business districts ?
When was Warsaw's stock exchange brought back to life ?
In Antigone, who was the target of civil disobedience ?
Who did the Han Chinese want to help the Mongols fight ?
What do tumors express that are also found on normal cells ?
What did Mote think the Yuan class system didn't represent ?
What did Biraben say about the plague in Europe ?
What is the problem attributed to defining if three finite graphs are isomorphic ?
While producing oxygen, what gas does a zeolite sieve absorb ?
What force is part of the modern SI system ?
How many elements did Aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of ?
Who caused the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire ?
When did Zhu Shijie die ?
What was not originally theorised about a free trade area ?
What did the public KPN service Telepad use ?
What party had a victory in the 2015 UK election ?
How old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores  ?
What does the owner produce to show how to attain the goals ?
Most of the previous understandings about motion and force were corrected by whom ?
When did the the German army re-occupy Britain and France ?
Where do ctenophora live ?
What is one reason a labour problem happens and can't be funded ?
Whose puppet did Islamists support the Saudi regime of being ?
Who moved to Hollywood in 2004 ?
Complexity theory classifies problems based on what primary attribute ?
A small fraction of the cold water flow from Lake Constance goes to what other lake ?
Where might the doctor's self-interest be equivalent with the patient's self-interest ?
What encouraged cultural exchange under the Yuan ?
Who took command of French in spring of 1735 ?
Which theorem would be invalid if the number 15 were considered prime ?
What can BSkyB veto the presence of channels on ?
How long after a banquet with Tugh Temur did Kusala die ?
On what railroad was Darlington used ?
What group decided to enter a blind plea without any jailtime ?
When was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1968 ?
What can not be mostly predicted beforehand ?
Who was Kaidu's uncle ?
How many main interactions are not know ?
Since Thoreau was not a well known writer what happened when he was arrested ?
Who has the responsibility for publishing materials ?
Why did Toghun Temur dismiss Toghtogha ?
What monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of WWII ?
How do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of NP appear ?
Who do the lead authors prepare graphs and data for ?
What is the typical working fluid in a steam engine ?
At what age do immune responses typically begin to decline ?
What would someone who is civilly disobedient do in court ?
What was the name given to the undergraduate college's liberal-arts curriculum ?
What is O-R-O ?
What is Victoria's largest non-Christian religion ?
What kind of Sunni muslim monarchy is is Iran lead by ?
How was the civil disobedience shown in Antigone ?
What field of computer science is primarily concerned with determining the likelihood of whether or not a problem can ultimately be solved using algorithms ?
What profession doesn't Simon Kuznets have ?
What uses Point Tehachapi and the Conception Mountains as the northern boundary ?
What is the process that asks a more specific question about all possible algorithms that could not be used to solve the same problem ?
What Mongolian system did Kublai's government compromise with ?
How long does the Members Debate last ?
Who confirmed Watt's discovery of latent heat ?
What country did Saudi Arabia invade in 1979 ?
How many were in Langlades expedition ?
Would a Drow tower over The Hobbit's hero ?
Is Romeo and Juliet an unusual title to teach high schoolers ?
Is there a warthog on Broadway ?
Would Gomer Pyle salute a lieutenant ?
Is the Matrix a standalone movie ?
Can sunlight travel to the deepest part of the Black Sea ?
Could Barron Trump have lived through the Mexican Revolution ?
Are you more likely to find bipolar disorder in a crowd than diabetes ?
Is dessert eaten before breakfast ?
Would a blooming onion be possible with a shallot ?
Is unanimously elected president's birthday a break for mail carriers ?
Did President William Howard Taft read DC Comics ?
Is number of stars in Milky Way at least ten times earth's population ?
Would Ringo Starr avoid the pot roast at a restaurant ?
Is viscosity unimportant in making jello shots ?
Does the central processing unit usually have a dedicated fan ?
Are lengths measured in metres in the UK ?
Does Dean Cain have less days to birthday than Will Ferrell every 4th of July ?
Will Communion be denied to Wednesday name origin followers ?
Will Chuck Norris be a nonagenarian by time next leap year after 2020 happens ?
Is the Federal Reserve a quick walk from Space Needle ?
Do mollymawks live where albatrosses cannot ?
Can your psychologist say hello to you while you are out at the supermarket ?
Are banana trees used by judges for maintaining order ?
Is it possible that June got its name from mythology ?
Could someone in Tokyo take a taxi to the The Metropolitan Museum of Art ?
Is Earth Day celebrated in summer ?
Is Capricorn the hypothetical zodiac sign of Satanism ?
Could all Tahiti hotels hypothetically accommodate US D-Day troops ?
Would Şerafeddin Sabuncuoğlu have eaten Börek ?
Can voice actors for Goofy and Bugs Bunny each get one stripe from American flag ?
Can nitric acid break the Louvre ?
Are there five different single-digit Fibonacci numbers ?
Does title of Van Morrison's most played song apply to a minority of women worldwide ?
Did Harvey Milk ever run for governor ?
Could a hamster experience two leap years ?
Would a Durian be dangerous if it fell on your head ?
Do Shivambu practitioners believe ammonia is unhealthy ?
Could an infant solve a sudoku puzzle ?
Tata Hexa can accomodate every Spice Girl ?
Was Harry Truman's presidency unaffected by the twenty-third Amendment to the US Constitution ?
Did Donatello use a smartphone ?
Was Elizabeth II the Queen during the Persian Gulf War ?
Is it understandable to compare a blood spatter pattern to a Jackson Pollock piece ?
Can you purchase General Motors products at a movie theater ?
Would Hades and Osiris hypothetically compete for real estate in the Underworld ?
Was only woman to serve as U.S. Speaker of the House alive during the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
Did the iPhone usher in the scientific revolution ?
Can you find Bob Marley's face in most smoke shops ?
Does Ludacris perform classical music ?
Could Bart Simpson have owned comics with The Joker ?
Can a single honey bee sting multiple humans ?
Is the Foreign and Commonwealth Office a European political agency ?
Is the tibia required for floor exercises ?
Could a Jujutsu expert hypothetically defeat a Janissary ?
Are black and white prison uniforms made to resemble a zebra ?
Is it normally unnecessary to wear a coat in Hollywood in July ?
Is shoe soup innocuous ?
Does Mercury help detect coronavirus ?
Did Dr. Seuss make himself famous ?
Is Cookie Monster's diet Paleo friendly ?
Did Holy Saturday 2019 have special significance to pot smokers ?
Did the Football War last at least a month ?
Does someone from Japan need a passport to go to a Nordic country ?
Is it normal to blow out candles during a funeral ?
Would New Year's Eve hypothetically be Bacchus's favorite holiday ?
Could you drive a Rowe 550 to the 2008 Summer Olympics ?
Could common warthog be useful for scrimshaw ?
Is the Asian black bear multicolored ?
Was Christina Aguilera born in the forgotten borough ?
Will Oasis cruise boat traverse the Lincoln Tunnel ?
Would a vegetarian be able to eat something at Chick-fil-A ?
Does United Airlines have a perfect operation record ?
Are Scottish people Albidosi ?
Does Long John Silver's serve sea otter ?
Is Christmas celebrated during winter ?
Did Tom Bosley enjoy video games on the PlayStation 4 ?
Does Super Mario protagonist hypothetically not need continuing education classes in Illinois ?
Would a TMNT coloring book have pizza in it ?
Will Chick Fil A be open on Halloween 2021 ?
Did Supernatural break 2001 CW debuting shows seasons record ?
Can too many oranges cause diarrhea ?
Would Tom Cruise ever insult L. Ron Hubbard ?
Did mercenaries fight for England in the Glorious Revolution ?
Did the 40th president of the United States forward lolcats to his friends ?
Would an anxious person benefit from receiving courage from the Wizard of Oz ?
Can you find Depala's race in World of Warcraft ?
Was Christina Aguilera born in the forgotten borough ?
Do shrimp taste best when cooked for a long time ?
Do oak trees have leaves during winter ?
Would an American feel lost due to language barriers at Disneyland Paris ?
Would Elon Musk be more likely to know about astrology than physics ?
Would an American feel lost due to language barriers at Disneyland Paris ?
Was milliner in Alice in Wonderland (1951 film) likely in need of succimer ?
Would a 900,000 pound net worth person be an American billionaire if they exchange currency June 2020 ?
Is Great Pyramid of Giza the last wonder of its kind ?
Can you see live harbor seals in Washington DC ?
Can you get a fever from consuming meat ?
Did Harry Houdini's wife make psychics look foolish ?
Is Lines on the Antiquity of Microbes briefer than any haiku ?